TODO

Allow use of Jeopardy formatting: "What (is|are)" "It (is|are)" to invert questions.
Implement new syntax style
Skip use of {}, use a completely blank line as indicator of question/response end

Allow user to also get answers, and respond with questions
Allow user to only run a specific part of the file, delimited somehow
	- Perhaps by a simple, no-special-characters-indicating-anything line
Allow user to specify what strings are used to indicate questions, answers, question blocks, answers blocks, etc.

Allow drawing as user response
	- In response field, or in a separate window?
Set smaller tabulation size
Make settings menu to set hotkeys, order mode, time limit.
	- Or use a .conf file?
	- Use a hidden .conf, that only the program will access?
Multiline answer linebreak after # ... remove linebreak.
Check how random the question selection actually is.
Consider putting image Answers in the Answers box. This will, however, not be nice for large images, only small ones.
	- Maybe use separate window only if answers box is too small to hold image.
	- Maybe allow user to close the separate window containing image answer by clicking something in the Answer field.
	- Maybe close separate window when user moves on to next QA.

√ Show elapsed time.
	- When? Here are some possible designs:
		- Constantly, update continuously
			- √ Only show minutes
		- √ Show at the end of the session, when last question has been answered

√ Stop hotkeys from working when their corresponding button is disabled
√ Ensure that keyboard focus is in response field, so no mouse clicketyclicking is needed.

√ Make a bit of whitespace on the left and right sides
√ When allowing text to follow image name, kill whitespace in front of the text.

√ Load proper images for answers
√ Assume images are in quiz/./images/
√ Resistance to whitespace immediately after ? and #
√ Show image for answer
√ Fix crash when accepting final question
√ Allow hotkeys for show answer, accept, and reject

√ Show progress, either as bar or count or both
√ Fix startup question to be an actual question